# Prakinson-disease-detection
Parkinson disease is a central nervous system disorder. India reports millions of cases every year. It mostly affects people in their 60 s but can also affect people in their 30s.By the time disease is detected 60% of neurons are degenerated and patient's comdition start to worsen. Nerve cell damage in the brain causes dopamine levels to drop. Thus we need to identify biomarkers that can detect the disease in its early stages.Since it has no cure so early the disease is detected the less damage will take place.It has been suggested that speech abnormalities might be present at early stages of the disease, before the classical symptoms of the disease like muscle rigidity, rest tremor and postural instability appear. Through this classification analysis the individuals at risk for Parkinson could be identified from the population at large level and also in the early stages. 
In summary - We took six different algorithms (KNN, Decision tree and Random Forest, svm , logisti regression and naive bayes)that we use to solve machine learning problems.Then we used the Parkinson’s disease dataset that includes the data like symptoms of the disease.After that, we did comparative studies on KNN, random forest, , decision tree Classifiers, naive bayes, SVM and logistic regression. We have also mentioned about our dataset. We did all these comparative analyses with the help of coding and found their accuracies.We also did the preliminary processing part of the dataset to increase the accuracy.
